== Quirky

Quriky is Content Management System (CMS) built on Sinatra and git.

== Installation

  sudo gem install git sinatra

  git clone git://github.com/chalkers/quirky.git

  cd quirky

  rake

The default rake task is init.

Init creates a index file in your system folder in the root of the quirky directory. This also initialises the content repository (the system folder).

== Run

  ruby quirky.rb 

== Managing Conent

Point your browser to http://localhost:4567/new to create or http://localhost:4567/update/<name>.html to update/delete the page named <name>.

== Gems

To require any additional gems modify the boot.rb.

== Models, Unpacked Gems et al.

If you want to include your own models place them in the models directory. Other custom dependancies can be placed in the lib folder.

== Test Suite

If you need to write your own tests place them in the test folder and run the rake task test.

  rake test

== License
THE MIT LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Andrew Chalkley

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/MIT

